Issue templates (#1425)
GPflow/GPflow: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/other-issue.md

---

> name: How-to and other issues

Reviewer: What does How-to mean here?

Author: "how do I do X"

Reviewer: I think that wording's clearer. Can we have that?

Author: ```suggestion
name: "How do I do ..." and other issues
```

Reviewer: yeah. that's good

> about: Please, post other questions on StackOverflow with `gpflow` tag.

Reviewer: "please, ..." with a comma means something slightly different to "please ..." without a comma. The former carries more of a weight on please, and suggests displeasure or annoyance.

more generally, I avoid the word. Either I reword the sentence without "please", or I leave out the sentence

@awav fyi since you added it above

Author: ```suggestion
about: Please post "how do I do ..." questions on StackOverflow with `gpflow` tag.
```

---

> **For questions on how to work with GPflow, or support for problems that are not verified bugs in GPflow, please go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow) and use the [gpflow tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/gpflow) for your question.** This makes it easier for other users of GPflow to help you with your problem, and also makes your question and any answers more easily discoverable for other users who may come across the same question in the future!

Reviewer: what do you mean by verified bugs? don't we want users to post _all_ bugs here? I don't think SO is a good place for bug reports, partly cos that's not really what it's meant for, and partly cos we'll just end up loudly publicising our history of bugs, which looks bad

Author: Yeah we should probably edit that. I took it from an old version, but I agree that we should clear it up! Suggestions welcome:)

Author: ```suggestion
**GitHub issues are most helpful for reporting issues that may require changes to the GPflow code base itself. If your question is about how to *use* GPflow, please go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow) and use the [gpflow tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/gpflow) for your question.** This makes it easier for other users of GPflow to help you with your problem, and also makes your question and any answers more easily discoverable for other users who may come across the same question in the future! If your question is about an omission or lack of clarity in the GPflow documentation, please use the documentation issue template.
```
How about this, @joelberkeley-pio ?

Reviewer: great!

> **For questions on how to work with GPflow, or support for problems that are not verified bugs in GPflow, please go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow) and use the [gpflow tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/gpflow) for your question.** This makes it easier for other users of GPflow to help you with your problem, and also makes your question and any answers more easily discoverable for other users who may come across the same question in the future!

Reviewer: don't we want users to post _all_ bugs here? I don't think SO is a good place for bug reports, partly cos it's not meant for raising bug reports (though it can be a place to suggest workarounds), and partly cos we'll just end up loudly publicising our history of bugs, which looks bad

Author: The motivation was to split between "how do I do this specific thing?" that are good for stackoverflow from "this thing is actually broken". I'd love to hear your suggestions how to improve the wording and make that clearer!

Author: (i.e., all questions that we would answer *without* changing the code or documentation should go on stackoverflow)
